Add the ability to disable snapshots creation. (#94)
spatie/phpunit-snapshot-assertions: README.md

$this->assertMatchesSnapshot($something->toYaml(), new MyYamlDriver());
```

### Usage in CI

> When running your tests in Continuous Integration you would possibility want to disable the snapshots' creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running your tests in Continuous Integration you would possibly want to disable the creation of snapshots.
```

> By using the `--no-create-snapshots` parameter, Phpunit will fail if the snapshots don't exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using the `--no-create-snapshots` parameter, PHPUnit will fail if the snapshots don't exist.
```
